So this is what we have ended up in the last lecture.
We just returned.
Simple Jason inside our post command control our mind that this is the controller with the namespace
API v 1 which means this is our API endpoint currently it of course returns this as an array that we
returned from the end points.
So basically this is nothing useful and we can quickly get that to return in comments and we can use
what we already have.
When we played around with returning Jason using resource collections in this post comment controller
that we had previously.
So what we can do is just copy this code as this would be essentially the same and just replace whatever
we have here.
We can also REFORMAT THAT A LITTLE BIT BUT OF COURSE WE CAN'T USE PPOs because it's not not defined
on their methods.
So we have to define blog post and the name of the variable is of course important because that's the
exactly matching the name of the parameter on the root.
You can check that if you will run BGP artisan route least you can use grep API.
This might not really be readable but that is this action.
So the route parameter name is post.
So of course if this will match the name of the parameter on your method and you will specify a class
then we can use the route model binding and lateral will automatically fetch an instance of the blog
post model for us.
Okay.
So we are returning all the post comments here but of course another thing to do is to import this comment
resource class.
So let's do that now.
We don't really have to write it again.
We can just copy from this controller base that here and let's check if this end point is working right
now.
So with this it rhythms all the comments from this blog post.
It seems that there is actually 7 comments and what you can see is that by default Lavell is always
wrapping this response.
This collection response with the key data.
So sometimes you do not need that and it's only useful if you provide some additional information about
this.
We'll get to that in the next lecture.
And this means for example parking nation formation.
If you would like to split the response into chunks so let's say you have 300 resources to return at
once and you do not want to do that and return everything at once.
Then you can introduce some plugin nation but in this case when we don't need it we can remove this
data wrapping from larval atoll and let's see how we can do that.
So let's go to visualize the code and opened that up.
Service provider that's the firewall we keep most of our general settings and what you can do is either
you can specify that for certain resources like this one.
So let's first copy the namespace.
You don't want this resource this up HDP resources comment resource to be to have this wrapping with
the data.
And this is done simply so you use the class name.
This is comment resource because we have imported it as such and you can call this static method without
wrapping.
Now save the changes
and voila it's not being wrapped inside the data but this will only work if you are returning.
Comment resource.
So this will only work for this specific resource if you want this generically.
You can do resource make sure you use that import from this namespace eliminate HDP resources Jason
resource and then it of course has the same method but the difference is that you can use specific resource
classes to disable this data wrapping only for those particular resources and then if you will call
that on the resource from which all this resource classes extend.
So it's a base class for all of them.
The wrapping will be disabled for everything so let's keep it like that for now and verified that it
works.
Yes it does.
So of course you don't have to do that.
It's it's not adding anything to your payload when you return the data from the server but well sometimes
you might just want to keep things simple and that's the way to do it.